I'm back I'm [Music]
back
welcome to Lady Babylon initiating apocalypse it's so nice to be back with
you tonight I missed you I felt the burden of your absence I did I did but I
did my business we got ourselves through that 93 we got that opening we got that
channel now we're set now we're set now we just watch the apocalypse open like a
flower this is gorgeous this is absolutely gorgeousness and
gorgios all wrapped up together silky okay let's do this thing what are
we looking at tonight tonight I just want to bring right to
you God tonight we're going to take God's
turn in the chair remember he doesn't run this place the devil does fantastic
sit on your throne sit on your throne and acknowledge those stars because
tonight we get to talk
directly face to face I know he doesn't like it he does have a choice he does
have a choice this is testimony from God himself yep you heard me you heard me
and what is he going to do he's G to tell you exactly what I've been telling
you he's gonna tell you the same thing he's gonna tell you the same thing the
very same thing and he's gonna do it through a dead Prophet Isn't that cool
Isn't that cool watch this now there's something that we're all very mixed up
about and tonight for the first time in human history it's coming out
and you're going to see it you guys you guys get to see it first before
everybody else does but you know me you know me I gotta have me the tail end of
some Harvard I've got to bring them out you where's my whip I got to bring them
out let's bring the voices of Harvard and Yale can we do that can we do that
chewy by the way everybody thank you to chewy and to all the work that Chewy's
done because that's the only way that we fly definitely chewy thank you um it's
gonna this is going to be good we got to give them what exactly what they need
okay here it comes are you ready I want to I want to bring to you the
confusion the confusion of a symbol and its unveiling but before we do I got a
guest one from Harvard one from Yale and we have a conversation what are these
people up to chewy show us show us what the PE no show us what the people are up to my first uh my first slide there
please fantastic it's okay we've been out of business for a while you don't
have to worry about that here we go people are you ready center for the study of world religions
this is a video came out this is Harvard look at that Harvard Divinity School I
thought I smelled something right look at the video it's the archaeology of ecstasy psychedelics in the ancient
Mediterranean World well what a great and Noble and worthy Pursuit Harvard
fantastic bring up the next one who who's bringing us all this stuff the same people there in a little bit time
here people look at this when's this thing going to happen this is an event you know we can all go to this and we
all should of course it's online fantastic right C psychedelic
intersections crosscultural manifestations of the Sacred conference
2024 February 17th everybody everybody
we should go we should crash this party it'll be fantastic give me the next give
me the next one JY I want you guys look who is this I got a little sliver here
who is this this is Dr Stang I don't know is he a doctor well he's got a THD
from Harvard Divinity School thanks Dr Stang he's look
professor of early Christian thought this man should know
everything everything I'm impressed already just looking at that thing I'm
impressed but you know what we're gonna do you know you know what we're going to do
okay give me the next one look at this um this is a conversation between uh M
Charlie and somebody else let me just read it to Hannah graph from the University of Amsterdam in a series last
year speaking about so-called mythis liturgy look Dr Stang don't put a com
don't put a um apostrophe after the A and myth us don't do that which was a
text so named by the German scholar blah blah blah good good good I like it so
far right and so a fascinating text that again has been pushed to the margins and
miscategorized good for you guys keep going so that's one but the Q&A
function is actually exploding with people who are telling me that there's ample textual evidence that apparently
none of us are reading n ofers reading take it down for one second
chewy um yeah yeah right um that is when
the voice goes out right that is when you got to the guards are Asleep At The
Gates Right you've got to wake them up let's see back to that same one what is
what does he say at the bottom here so we have Galen cited Al and hman saying
we need to read galin yes yes you do
others are saying of course many of the stories in The Odyssey that's long been thought some of the episodes oh my God
okay hoody dudy do Professor now bring in his interlocutor bring her in who is
she who is she tell us I think she's a Yale I think she is Karen Paulin your Foster sorry Dr Foster if you don't work
y let's give you a position there um divinity I I give it to you I grant it
sorry and that is to say that a good half dozen chapters in the book are by people authors who are presenting
textual evidence exactly from the Cadian Samaran Egyptian and hittite
[Laughter] sources are you kidding me are you
kidding me do you know what the Epic of Gilgamesh is it's what what every Greek
knows a third grader can write right because languages are not
equal and the little lie kitties that we all know that they're telling you is that this language is equal to that and
we're in a universe where everything is created equal that's not how language
Works who could we bring who could we bring we could bring
Jehovah let's ask Jehovah shall we ask Jehovah I'm I'm I'm in a place I'm in a
place to ask Jehovah Karen didn't want to
consult Ammon Karen didn't want to they think that they're going to have
a meeting about a use of substances
that they know nothing about from the text that we have thousands
of seriously for some hittite scribbly dibbly
do what did they have a list did they have a list of drugs oh my
goodness yes Harvard Yale wake up wake
up you don't even know this language your Divinity G degrees are trash
they're trash they're trash I told somebody just that today and I like the
guy I like the guy but I gotta be honest with you I work with divinity students
and I've got to bring them out of the depths back to life yeah it's amazing I
love it I love it okay let's go to the look look where's this all going look it's going to get exciting I promise I
promise this is some of that you got to watch the interview with God that's really all let's go hit it let's go to
the next one I just want you to feel tonight as we get into the place that we need to go I just want you to start to
feel I want you to start to feel the hand of God I want you to feel
it and how do I want you to feel
it what is that Caya doing on there it's the hand of God God that is coming upon
me in a way that forces me into pure
courage this stuff is liquid courage oh this is strength baby these are the
strong pills you thought I was going to bring you the weak stuff tonight nope I've got Ezekiel tied up I've got a gag
in his mouth I've got the third Century guy who wrote the septu aent I've got him tied
up too right we're going to correct this grammar a little bit but first I want to ask God I want to ask God how do how's
the Hebrew how's the Hebrew God tell me if languages are all created equal why
are you always badmouthing yours oh let's go next let's go oh God
what's after that watch this people watch this people what is this this is
ezekiel's gbly gbly garble here let's read
[Music]
it to is oh what does it say let me translate
it I'm not sending you to this is God speaking right what is that God say
something God God God say something yeah yeah say something God
speak these are his words take it down these are his
words his words it's your Theos people out there all you
fundamentalists all you Orthodox you
people he's speaking have some respect what does he say to put it up there he
says look Ezekiel I'm not sending you to anybody with a sophisticated
language right I'm not sending to anybody whose language is
evolved it has depth it has density I'm not sending you those people
I'm sending you to Israel wait wait what what now look God
I have been working with this congregation you can take it down I have been working with this congregation for
a long time we we talked about you know
the the size the size of the Hebrew language it's this
8,000 maybe the size of the Great
you big big we we don't know the total
because it's so big oh wow hundreds of thousands hundreds hundreds of thousands
I'm G to show you tonight God tell me your people tell me about their language and its sophistication please would you
tell me give me the next one chewy here's a translation just for those for those of you who just want to
listen to the King James just for those of you for thou art not sent to a people
of a strange speech of a hard language but to the house of
Israel right that's a terrible translation terrible absolutely terrible translation um confuses the issue and
doesn't explain to you that he's saying Hebrew is incapable of carrying the
mystery wow interesting let's see what H let's go to the next one please go to
the next one boom look people here's the long passage I'm just going to read it to you quickly I'm going to read it to
you quickly right he says get up who are we talking about the son of
man son of man who this is in the mystery people listen up the son of man
get off your backside and go to the house of Israel and say these words to
them why because I'm not sending you to people
who use big words right I'm sending you to Israel
sending you to the people of Israel look at verse sixol alus I'm not sending you to a
people who are alop phonus look at those two words people alofonos and Alo alog
glossus do you see that Alo you see the Alo you see the Alo and you see then two
different Roots guys who were taking the Greek phone right for your sound and gloss for your tongue or speech or
language huh that's interesting that's interesting I'm not sending to these
people of other languages or other dialectical
Tendencies no no I'm not g to send you to a culture
that is onus that has staros in their tongue in
their language next one what is that what is that staros we'll come back to this what is that stebos go what is that
stear oh look it's bulk it's bulk your language Hebrew
ancient because modern Hebrew is flourishing it's about 60,000
congratulations right now it'll survive fantastic but the ancient Hebrew that
for some reason has a minuscule hittite hitte oh yeah
literature you call that stuff literature those are lists bro groceries
that's not literature and that's not a language that has hundreds of
thousands of captured images oh god oh love it keep going keep
going um yep next one next one now I want you to look at the Hebrew and I
just want you to notice that those two words that we just looked at in Greek
the alofonos right and the arossos that that what is that in the
Hebrew that is represented by four different words four different words to
generate two in Greek and those two Greek words are
technical terms whereas the Hebrew are not because when you've got a000 you
don't have room for technical yeah it's the way it is okay science people we love it we love
it you love it I'm going to jump on the audience here in just a minute because I want to interact more I want to amen I
want to hail Satan I wanna I want that kind of thing but I want you to see this now now go to the next slide and we're
I'm gonna show you a vid here in just a second um this is the people who he's
not sending to the people of substantial speech right okay so don't worry don't
worry Ezekiel you're not going to have to talk your way through anything right don't worry just chill out for a minute
go to the next one right these people um yeah try that one um I just
want you to see that the word for tongue is very specifically and um used in a by
grammarians right in a specific way and you can talk about different dialect
legs so these are types of speech that ultimately are different groups of
languages and apparently Greek by the thir century when this text of Ezekiel
is written it makes perfect sense that it's written by a Jewish person who is using
the Greek with some difficulty in order to express something
about his own history where God openly criticized the
poor people for having a speech that was so you know you can go there because
they're not going to take your uh um your speech and have a
problem with it right and then he says well I could have convinced the other Smarties if I wanted to right that's how
God is that's how God is you got got to give it to him okay just lay off him for a minute here while he's under the chair
of focus yeah and um so what I want to do is I want to go now I want to go now
to a place a place where we can look
at a a a a new symbol that's been hiding
in our society for several millennium
several Millennia we haven't been able to pull it out of the ether but tonight
we're going to and it's with all due humility that I say it's my honor and
privilege to bring this to you it's my honor now before we get there we have to go through some humans we have to go
through some humans and we have to we have to look into the mind um there's a very confused group of people these are
Bible scholars Bible scholars they're very confused these are preachers these
are priests these are rabbis these are people who are very very
confused very very confused about what came out of the
prophet's mouth
wheels wheels within Wheels can we have the wheels please JY when you get a s
people let's just take it take a look at this little this little you know short
little kind of documentary of the confusion hit it Wheels did not turn
about as the creatures went their rims were high and awesome and all four rims
were full of eyes all around what a when the living creatures moved the wheels
beside them moved and when the living creatures Rose from the ground the wheels also so Rose wherever the spirit
would go they would go and the wheels would rise along with them because the
spirit of the living creatures was in the wheels I think this means that God
sees and cares about what takes place upon the Earth though events seem out of
control we know that not only is God in control but also we should be comforted
by the fact that he sees and knows what takes place on the earth I don't even know that means in movies very famous
movies this is a movie from 1997 this is the movie contact and in the movie Aliens had sent
through radio transmission a schematics to make this machine you're seeing this wheel within
the wheel that's spinning here is something I photoshopped to give you a better you know crude idea of what maybe
Ezekiel was seeing was additional Angels next to U that are called ofanim with
Glory round about them right with the sparkle glean round about them and that they're a part of this system that moves
the mobile Throne of the father Hallelujah if
you believed any of that was substantiated by these texts um you're
as full of it as an doctor of divinity yeah you're as full of it yeah
isn't that fantastic such confus did you see the Monstrous stuff that they were doing I
mean I've seen worse I went to Basil right um right before Hoffman um died
passed away um it was a big deal at the time too and I presented at a conference
there on um you know I was doing my thing with the drugs and history you know and
um there were artists there and they would have loved these depictions they
would have loved it oh you haven't seen the eyes all over no it's because you're
mistranslating it you're mistranslating it look right through you're
mistranslating it oh because this wasn't in Hebrew you see in Hebrew it's got to
be Wheels because it can't be anything else right remember 8,000 words if you
restrict yourself to 8,000 words words unique words watch how quickly you run
out of things to say yeah it's fantastic um so when when
the Old Testament or the Torah was actually written in the 3D Century um by
this Jewish person or people who had an education in Greek and had been raised
in Greek they began to be able to express that culture natural literate
spirit and when they did they had to borrow heavily now the passage I want to
remind you the passage that I just showed you that had the two words that
were based on the same roots that the Hebrew broke down into four I want you
to understand scientifically that
what the rabbis and Orthodox and fundamentalists want you
whether they have a cross or not want you to believe that those Greek
words popped into the Mind 72
dudes who segregated themselves into different cells and when they
received power of God they were able to transmit one translation now strangely
enough in that passage the Greeks were able to take four Hebrew words and say
hm look let's just make two words we can use the same
Roots it'll be gorgeous that's what they want you to
think it popped into the heads of these people it's a fairy tale the original
must be the document that is more highly
technical if it's highly technical it's got linguistic
radiation that the Hebrew cannot
express that's the Greek oh God I love it okay so what is this monstrous thing
everybody just looked and you're like what eyes scary
right right they're doing the best they can come on man they don't read the original right so what do they know I'm here just
to reassure you and to announce publicly tonight people at Harvard and Yale yes
if I could stay on YouTube and do certain things I would do
them listen to me listen to me are you
ready here it is wheels wheels what are wheels
let's look at
it oh by the way in this translation of this thing is absolutely hysterical it's
hysterical to read because you can't make it's nonsensical what the Hebrew did in the mastic text to this passage
is hilarious right it's hilarious you can't you cannot make this stuff up so um what
what is it actually saying it's saying the Troy these
Troy what is a tros please can we go to what is tros it's the big definition
look this is the word just go here just go here this is the word that I want you focusing on are you ready just one Greek
word this is what they are calling the wheels right and of course it has to be
through the Hebrew it's got to be a freaking wack cartwheel right no no
watch the sophisticated language the more technical language watch how it
dealt with it where's our definition then is it no yep here take down the
yeah there we go no the one before the one before it that's the one we need first look at this people look at this
for a tros what are some of the definitions of tros right they are those turning things
yeah yeah yeah they are they are what else are they they're cakes they're
cakes they're little round cakes that we use in sacrifice right little round
cakes and when I say sacrifice you probably don't understand what I mean but I don't care let's you can eat them
you can burn them oh God God I can smell it in the air can you smell it I had to
fumigate the place before so Jehovah could show up let's do this let's do this get me to the next that one now
what else are there um they're drugs they're medicines but I wanted you to see that the diminutive is used all the
time it's a standard for these medicines right because they're small little
wheels they are small round Pebbles and what do these medicines do
how do you make them I'm going to show you he describes what the makeup of
these medicines are and in the process process of describing it due to translation you think it's too giant
what with eyes and the what who right okay no people right this is reality the
fantasy world is over Satan told me no more it's too much fantasy we need more
reality we need more reality please bring us some reality are you ready I'm
going to show for those of you you who can't appreciate the magnitude of what I'm
telling you Christians have labored
Jews have labored not the ones they knew in Israel they didn't give them they didn't give a rat's backside about the
Bible right they were more interested in democracy so okay that's cool right but
the religious side that they always talked about derogatorily I mean it was terrible
but they always talked about because they were dragging their country oh well it doesn't matter that's a different discussion that's a different discussion
Israel Israel let's get back to Ezekiel shall we shall we get back to Ezekiel
let's go um bring it up the next one yeah we're somewhere in that there yeah
not too many people's no no strange speech let's keep going let's keep going look at this people why are we doing all
this because inside of these pills right the
troos is a pill that you make one of these pills
do they contain the pelma zoas the
pelma zoas if you don't know what this is It's
because you've never been there you've never had the hand of God if you had had
the hand of God now do you see what all the Christians do you realize they've been fighting for centuries to figure
out what these things are what are these wheels what are these wheels do you know
why you couldn't figure it out let me just say this to Christianity tonight I want to say it to all the Divinity
students out there to to everybody everybody who was preaching and teaching
and all the sophisticated from the lowest Pastor to the most high Fant
trained rhetorician who's got his 20,000
followers putting in a cash in a bowl putting in cash in a bull by the way you
notice there's still no commercials right it's part of the reason I'm staying low on the algorithm
is because I don't I don't hook I'm not gonna
hook yeah yeah so for anybody who's been asking me to be involved in the the
exchange of De forget about it right the power's gone people everybody here knows that
and satanic initiation I saw the letters you wrote to me I saw the email yeah stuff was fantastic I saw the
notes the stuff people left comments from last season I saw it I loved it I
loved it and it really means something to me it really means something because people are saying look you're opening up
things that I've never I'm free I've never been a yes yeah hell yeah that's
where we go that's where we go if we can do it from the throne right a where's my
tea right people who are asking by the way it's just
T fantastic let's keep going hit the next one chewy look people are going to
love this so we didn't know for centuries we didn't no and so now let's
look and see what the drugs they're talking about are right let's see what
they are let's go to the spirit what happens Ezekiel you junkie after he gags
you did you see God right before you guys got here um God was um sitting here
and took ezekiel's head right took ezekiel's head and he shoved this book
in his mouth and what uh that's what it sounded
like uh sounded like a gag little bit right and what happened bring back that
Greek this is because that's what happened in the Greek w w what happened the spirit the
Spirit came and ripped him off the ground yeah jerked him up jerked him up
the spirit did took him in a place in a place oh God are you ready what else
Ezekiel you dirty drug user what else are you doing you thought this was fairy tale didn't you no you didn't satanic
congregation I'm talking to the guys at Harvard yeah guys and you know whatever
and the spirit yeah next one please Che hit the next one and what happened you know it's that hand of God thing he says
it several times well guess what people think it's Tinkerbell's dust right not Tinker
Bell's dust right it's not it doesn't say it's Tinker Bell's dust anywhere because
Ezekiel also out of his dirty mouth comes the hand of
man the hand of man you know what what makes the Troy you know what makes the
drugs the hand of man yeah you see the drug is the
interface between Humanity and
Divinity humanity and Divinity and we see that in this third Century
text Greek text oh God isn't that gorgeous you
didn't think it was there right right off the front this is the front of Ezekiel by the way it's in the third
chapter when God starts insulting him being like Yo God your your language
blows right that's a direct quote by my God your language
blows yeah it's very simple right they're not designing these drugs there
you know you got to give them a break it's just a cultural thing you know the Romans they're in Huts man Romulus and
Reis you want to think about Romulus and Reis I know we got a lot of fans out there I'm a child of Venus just like
Julius Caesar but Romulus and Remis were living in Huts bro they were living in
Huts yeah they had until the you know they had to get somebody they had to
import Somebody by the way their mother she was the Priestess the Lupa isn't
that fantastic she was the Oracle do you see who was making things work do you
see who was ruling do you see where the power really was in Antiquity oh God I
love that that makes me so excited I love that okay stop this we need do
these people a service will you come on I get it together do your thing go where
else are we going why are we doing all this Ezekiel because Aon
hor what is the hores what is that that's the Visions
baby that is where we get the Visions you need we need those wheels for vision
Vision uh yeah yeah I told you this that
I am describing to you now is the interface between
us and Divinity it's the
interface wow you know he said they're G to like it right
Harvard Harvard's knocking at the door but you can't do the text what's your
problem what's your problem Harvard oh my God I'm gonna say it and I know he he
won't get mad at me so I'll say it because he won't get mad at me and I really really like the guy I really do I
have so much respect I have no more respect for any scholar on the planet than I do Carl Ruck right everybody
knows that I call him lucumo right it's the word the atrasan
word for priest poet yeah isn't that great isn't that
great um anywh who um Carl Rock I was very I'll never forget um I was in
Boston and he had invited me for um there was a paper and the department at
Boston University that I gave and very was smashing success people loved it um
and then you know um he took me to Harvard said Yonder look I'm
there yonder Harvard and I said I looked at Harvard
and I looked back at Carl Rock and I I said why do you look so sad and Carl rck looked at me and I'll
never forget he looked at me right in the eyes and he's so tall he's looking down on me right he's he's like a he
like a giant right seriously big and he
says he looks me right in the eye and he says it's not what it used to be and he had such Sadness and Sorrow in
him I thought yeah yeah
congratulations Harvard congratulations amazing and you know you
think why would the devil be so mad why would the devil be so mad at an institution right why would because
those institutions were the reflection of the ancient
Museum that was civilization you see what's happened to
it they're sitting around debating oh we don't need to look at those sources
there's a ton of it but we don't need to look at it because we've got some scribbling it's much more
important libraries people libraries libraries let's go look up
sarasus together shall we let's go next next one Chey hit it we've got to get
these people on their wait Gnostic and foran is waiting patiently wait Gnostic wait for me he's got a presentation and
everything so um I'm not going to rush but I have a few couple more to do not too many so what happens the PMA took me
says Ezekiel it took me is this after they gave you by the way you know what Ezekiel said about the drug God gave him
he said it was nummy numb in my tummy like
honey has anybody checked just to make sure has anybody checked how old this
kid is has anybody checked it okay some of this stuff is going to
look bad but again it's the Bible so let's just get back to it get back to the Bible isn't that nice so the spirit
took me right and what what what happened when it boom when the spirit
kicked in after I've had my wheels what
happens I hear I'm I'm hearing things I'm hearing things anybody else hearing
things Ezekiel is hearing things what's the voice it's the
voice of a great earthquake it's a rumbling it's a voice of an earthquake
are you ready he's gonna this guy's gonna tweak are you ready he's G you watch this next one please chewy are you
doing stuff with a chat fantastic um look
people what's going on what's the stuff they handed you at the front door right you know what I'm talking about it's so
loud now we can't really hear each other but they gave us something and it's doing something to us it was honey in my
tummy um but it's doing something I'm kind of feeling a little bit awkward and kind of you know warm in some ways
that I maybe shouldn't and look what happens I learn that there's a
[Music]
voice look at that look at that what's gonna happen there's a voice in these
pills there's a voice in them and it's that voice of that quaking
it's the voice of that quaking it's a sound of
quaking boom it shakes me to my core are you guys getting ready to get bonic
let's go to the next let's go to the next one here we go it's a little bit
psychedelic boom thronos to
flockos you know what thonos is you guys are on the inside and you know that
thonos is vo or walks or you know it's
vo for drug poon right a compound mini thron so what
is the throne who is the who is sitting on that
thing you know it's the chief it's the chief not here here it's
Lucifer right and the third right you get it third time we're
in it the Oracle has switched so who sits on it now well look at that Throne
what is it what is it it's the flock puros I want everybody to take out their
wheels I want everybody to take out their wheels it's a medicine you can put
it into wine you can dissolve it you can put it into your body if you
just want to shove the pill you can shove the pill like Ezekiel right there's different ways to
administer these drugs right these Troy and what they're
doing to people how do you think they're getting the vision you know where prophecy comes from I'm going to tell
you this Harvard Yale will not tell you this and if you look at their panel of speakers you're going to laugh Harvard
and Yale won't find it if they looked hard enough they would
find that these are the substances that are driving the
prophecy they're connecting the language
itself when you enter into that mental
Place through the drug you enter into the vision it's the only way that we're
all going to get it do you think these people sat around and creatively made this stuff
up seriously yeah or you can follow the
fairy tale and watch your watch your charl and hon part the
waters yeah you can but you've been misreading the text and I love to do it
every Christian out there I can feel you I can feel you right now I can feel you
I've got my arms around you every Christian out there I can feel you this
is the reality this is the reality they
receiving Visions from drugs yeah prophets speak from drugs and
drug use so I got news for Harvard it's not just that they've got this in the
ancillary in the air flying through the air in Antiquity it's not that it's not
that it's that it's Central you don't have the Mysteries without this you
don't have it what do you think they're doing in those
tents fantastic go to the next one go to the next one I want to finish up here
look and what happens this thing functions on the basis of your hor if
you read this in Kings you're going to laugh your bottom off right you're going
to laugh um but what happens you know these drugs function they use it like go
around they they can't they they can't translate at a competent level so they
drag it down um it's garbage it's absolute garbage and because it had to
be filtered through that mastic Hebrew it lost everything so you know we have
though we have it sitting right here what does it say right this drug functions within the movement or the
impulse right of that Spirit yeah yeah it
combines it combines with that
pelma do you feel it on that inhalation do you feel it that is the
pelma that is kicking you into the
vision yeah now it was rough it was none of the stuff is ever easy right was like
it was like falling down hitting the ground right rolling H get up right
right Jesus is all like oh my goodness his face is all covered with clotty
gross stuff right what the stuff on his look you can take it and you can like do
like that with gross man it's just gross it's on your face bro if I were the cop
that arrested him with that naked kid I would be like dude I'm not wiping his face right you're gonna you're gonna
clean out my car right shout out to those Roman cops
right all right so what oh that felt good for some reason I don't know why guilty pleasure let's go to the next one
what happens look people look people people oh my God the form of these drugs what
what did they have they were they were liquid courage baby they were pill courage these are courage pills and what
do they have they have this reflection in each of their four basic
parts right this a compound drug made of four different drugs now take this down I'm going to describe to the people
exactly what's going on it's the first time this has ever been exposed I want I want you to think about it this is how
they make the drugs you make them as Stones they call them letho
Pebbles right Pebbles because you're G to be putting this into your rectum
right so you don't want a boulder right so they're gonna I know chewy no right
um uh right sometimes they tie you up so does it matter I don't know um but you
take the this is how they're preparing the medicine so you make the compound and then you harden the compound into a
bowl and then you take that ball which is perfectly round and has no back and that's why it's very funny when it talks
about the eyes okay they're they're totally misrepresenting the text all the
Christians every English translation of it sucks sucks because they went from
the mastic Hebrew text from the 11th C Century well 10th Century 11th century
somewhere in there right was developed over time
so yeah we're obscured we can't see what's actually going on so you take this little pill and then you recode it
you make more drugs and you put another coating on it you make more drugs let it
dry put another coating on it finally you've got your four and why do you need
four because dummy the universe is divided by
quarters don't you know that haven't you been paying
attention Okay good fantastic all right so now we've got our
troos or our tro in the plural we've got our tro here just like Galen they're
going to have seals on them they're going to have some kind of stamp that's what they did with
these um you good when you purchase them um it's got to have a stamp so that you
know this is provided by this doctor or that doctor you got to know who's responsible for it when Galen goes to
North Africa to purchase it's like 12,000 I forget how many tablets he he
buys but he buys these and they course they have to have
the seal the limy and seal on them right to show that they're up to standard it's
like stamping it so that you can know well that's in this too but the problem
is we don't understand it because we're working with a bastardized text if you
just look at the Greek and you've read any medical text
in Antiquity all of a sudden it makes sense I I didn't get the other read of
it when I actually looked at the text I thought oh well what they're using the drugs see they're using the drugs I
jumped up and down was happy right and then I had to look up which passage it
was to find out oh this is the wheels oh God oh God keep going with the text
people keep going let me just show you a couple more things in here right this thing is divided into four sections
right it's really four coats right and its parts will work
together in conjunction they don't stop or inhibit the action of the drug
that's what it says now you read this in English I I
everybody go to King James tonight and look up Ezekiel chapter 1 and read it
and you will get then why people are so confused one more time and then we'll take I want him to see that video again
um yeah and they're Hoops sauce right these pills they're hoop sauce and they transl this is where they transl is high
right these are from the these are from the height no it's not hoop cistos right
it's just hoop sauce and what is hoop these things are the Acme of the punch
the pharmaceutical punch right this is not the stuff you go get because your elbows get sore at night because you're
getting older and it's cold right your elbows get sore so you go get some pills for that right um this isn't that your
kid has an earache crying maybe te brething right go get him some opium
right go go get him this is not that either this is one that is at the Acme
of your mental transformation right this stuff will knock you off your feet it's why the
prophets use it you think the drugs you use are sophisticated modern world you
haven't seen anything let's go for it it's no wonder we have no profits right
right why do we have no profits anymore because it's not about the individual drugs right it's about the craft of how
to use the fire fantastic let's look it um the very bottom uh the very bottom
line those eyes right so as he's examining the pills he's noticing that
all four sections have this modeled appearance of eyes right so what
essentially is Ezekiel doing he's just giving you a description of the drugs
this was not something that anybody who was contemporary in Reading would have scratched their head and said oh my God
you mean he's building giant rings um that there's a legion of fiery angels
and there's oh some kind of ring thing and there's eyes coming out of it and H
don't be gullible play the video one more time I want I want people to see it
this is what they make of it Go the wheels did not turn about as the creatures went their rims were high and
awesome and all four rims were full of eyes all around what a when the living
creatures moved the wheels beside them moved and when the living creatures Rose from the ground the wheels also Rose
wherever the spirit would go they would go and the wheels would rise along with
them because the spirit of the living creatures was in the wheels I think this
means that God sees and cares about what takes place upon the Earth though events
seem out of control we know that not only is God in control but also we
should be comforted by the fact that he sees and knows what takes place on the earth I don't even know what that means
in movies very famous movies this is a movie from 1997 this is the the movie
contact and in the movie Aliens had sent through radio transmission a schematics to make this
machine you're seeing this wheel within the wheel that's spinning here is something I photoshopped to give you a better you know crude idea of what maybe
Ezekiel was seeing was additional Angels next to U that are called ofanim with
Glory round about them right with the sparkle green round about them and that they're a part of this system that moves
the mobile Throne of the father hallelujah hallelujah isn't that amazing
so um what we need to do is we need to actually look at what's written there
and you know maybe bring that forward instead of acting like a bunch of
jerks yeah do you see what it does when you drift from classical education
you drift from reality you have to remember Julian was saying the
Christians first thing they're going to do is destroy education what he was
talking about was not what you and I call grammar school what he was talking
about was a classical education there is a
reasoning built in to the Greek there is a reasoning that is there
that they will destroy says Julian in order to meet their purpose in order to
bend it they will bend that light and so what we must do is take back those texts
they must become ours again so that we can show people what was going on you
didn't realize that Ezekiel was on a drug trip if you're a Christian sitting
there tonight you didn't realize that if you're just a student of religion if
you're just a student of divinity you didn't realize that prophets were only
prophets because of the drugs you didn't realize that Jehovah was so mean to his
own people said your language blows right don't worry I'm not going to
send you to anybody with a brainy language right there's a reason for that
because when this is all written in the 3 Century that is the historical
environment of the author or authors yeah right fantastic okay last
um I think I've got one last thing to say um and then I'm want to bring on I want to bring on uh um Gnostic informant
um yeah no I've already I've hit it I've hit it let's do it um tonight welcome uh
our premiere of initiation apocalypse um welcome Neil and I want
everybody everybody to be give a warm welcome I'm gonna reach out to the
gallery in just a minute right I'm gonna engage I'm gonna do something new and Engage The Gallery directly because your
opinions now are important but before we do I'm gonna give the stage to Neil he's
been reading a ton right just working the sources like he always is and and
we're going to hold him responsible for keep guarding those sources Neil go
ahead you're on that's what I noed difference between someone like you and me and like most mainstream academics is
when they're when these when the mainstream academics are talking about whatever
topic their initial reaction to recommend something is some sort of
article written in 2025 or 2025 didn't even happen yet like 20 2020s or
something some current article on a subject and say you know a good a good
reading on this subject is an article from Dr blah blah blah blah blah from blah blah blah University he wrote an
article a couple years ago about this oh this person wrote a book a couple years ago on this subject you should check out their book on this you don't get that
with Ammon or me I say let's go right to the primary sources and dig this [__] up
let's look at what this let's look at what the Greek says try to trans see what the translation's correct see if we
can have a see if we come up with a different translation maybe it's not the same that's how technical you and I get
we go that deep but there there's a hallelujah hallelujah I'm I'm just gonna interrupt and I'm gonna say hallelujah
that's wonderful okay now I'm gonna shut up it's a big difference and and so I like to come on here when I'm working on
a current video I like to come on here and just share some of the stuff that I'm looking at because I'm trying to
piece together when I'm making my videos the hardest part is to get it into a script that's coh hesive and um you know
some sort of like a storyline going on rather than me just throwing a bunch of [__] out the wall and see because that's how my older videos kind of came out and
now now I'm starting to get better at like putting it together in a more narrative way it's really hard to do
some of the stuff I'm looking at I'm working currently working on comparing Jesus to bakus because recently Dan
mclen was had a video he came out with talking about how somebody one of his one somebody like tagged him on on uh
Tik Tok or something asking him what he thought about the dionan Mysteries and how the Eucharist could possibly be have
bowed influences from it and he just shut shuts it down and says no th that
that's that's Madness that's just people squinting hard enough and seeing the two
eventually start to look the same when you squint hard enough and I just thought wow that is like I I I can't
believe he hasn't even like heard of like Ruck on this subject or Dennis McDonald on this subject or there's a
lot of scholarship on this that I guess this is outside of the S World though so
I want I want to make a video going through some of the sources showing the
um and it's not even about Jesus copying bakas it's about Jesus competing with bakus trying to be better than bakus
trying because you bakas was all there was bakas was the greatest god of the ancient world I demonstrated that in my
one video couple months ago Dian Isis is so widespread there is no God in
comparison to Dian Isis so if Jesus wants to be the Son of God you have to go through bakus to get there so what I
want to start off with I'm going to go through some slides that I got and I'm just want to go through some of now what I'm I'm not going to get into all the
details of like of the sources of what I'm going to show in my video but I want to go into the deeper stuff this is this
is what we get do on this channel I want to go to some some deep stuff and I want to hear from people what they think about this because I don't even know
about this stuff yet I want to hear your thoughts Almon and everyone else so let's start with the first slide that I got all right now this is called the uh
parabiago plate and the reason why I'm starting off with this is because the iconography
it's dated to like the 4th Century it was found in Milan is upper Italy and um
so if if I zoom in you guys see the zoom in yeah okay cool um so okay so here's
what I want to look at here you go you got add and KY or Si well I like to call her KY because that's the Greek but uh
Edis and cile are sitting on the Chariot drawn by the the Lions and you have the
uh the cores that are dancing around them right all right we know we know
what that is up here though here's where the luciferian imagery comes in you literally have soul or Apollo Soul
Invictus Apollo Helios by the fourth Century th those three are merged into one Sun God so so Helios Apollo Soul
it's the same name for the Sun God but there it's by the time he gets to the fourth Century it's this invincible Sun
character right so Diana is the moon goddess but Diana is also the you know
the Artemis but in between them you can see Lucifer phosphorus which literally
is lightbringer Lucifer and then Vesper so there's a luciferian symbolism the
the light Bringers Diana luciferia is one of the titles in Latin for Diana and look at look at this look at her look at
his wheel and her wheel there's the eight-pointed star right there that eight pointed star Venus so the imagery
is just beautiful and then I want to come down to here ion so a lot of people there's
people who think this is dionisis but most people think this is an ion but here's what I want to say
about this they're both right because you could see the thoy staff with the pine cone on top he's holding it he's
got the uh official official Garb that dianis
technically wears all the time with the same way he wears it and uh he's he's
inside the Zodiac like ion being held up by what I think is mithus coming out of
the rock I'll show you that in a second but here's what's so interesting about this is you have the
serpent on the on the rod the es sleeping Rod it's a symbol of it's a
symbol of rebirth resurrection and you can see how in John's gospel they compare Jesus on the
rod to the the snake on the rod right so I'm gonna I'm gonna Circle back to this
but I wantan I just want to get through I just want to get through this whole entire thing real quick down here you have Gaia or uh Tera mat in Latin mother
earth and um and then you have these four seasons I don't know what to think
about this because the the the uh Scholars are saying that this is like for irrit T but I don't see any ireses
have wings there's are Wing Little Cupids I don't see any Wings on these what I see is I see these little
characters of the Son of God I see you know holding the The Grapes the Bak bakic symbol the Herm Hermes symbol of
holding the uh the good shepherd symbol all that stuff but I do I think the four seasons are definitely there too now
here's where it gets crazy because this Sim this sort of um iconography it becomes commonplace
during this time period if we go to this one right here this is mithas slaying
the bull obviously but if you look up top there we go we have the same Diana
and Apollo you know the two this the light givers with with L with uh with
Lucifer eosphorus Vesper um and uh in between and then
there's the torch bearers now this is where this is where I want to get deep right where he slitting the animal right
where he's cutting the animal you can barely see it here but I'm going to show you I'm going to go to my slides in a
second um out right here there's an S this is in Latin s there's an e right
here a b and then there's an e and then s IO and then so what I want to do is I
want to show you something on my if you can go to my slides there you go so
France Kuman a long time ago was able to he is the one that actually decoded
this he was like the main mithraic scholar of his time and he still is in my opinion all the all the mythus
digging that I've done I don't see any modern Scholars touching this dude France kumant in his lifetime I think he
lived from like end of the 19th century all the way until like the middle of the
20th century something like that so he's been dead for a while but I'm I'm not kidding when I say this there is nothing
out there that even comes close to the work that this dude did on mithas and
and not not only myth but like dianis and the the what he basically his whole
his whole research area is the last generation of paganism like what were the Romans doing right before
Christianity took over what was that religion like we don't know a lot about it every because all the sources are
from like the classical world so we all we know about is like what Ides what Homer says what but there's really don't
we don't have a lot of text of like mythology we have ID and Virgil that's first century stuff what I'm getting at
is it's a mystery to know what exactly was going on in these later uh fourth
fourth and fifth century pagans but I think I'm starting to get a clear picture as I as I go along so go back to
the slides again if you can see on the bottom it says Nam seaso and then there's Doo soli inv
victi mithre the VIN the Invincible Sun God Mithra and he's slaying the bull
with the name of sabazios on it what
sasos but what but wait a minute if we go to who's stasios if we go to I don't know Herodotus or diodorus of Sicily or
or even Cicero any of those sources they all will say sabazius is a is is the
Asian dionisis the the name of dianis in Turkey modern day Turkey which would
they called it Asia back then or uh Anatolia which anato means East but uh
anyways East Asia the name of the name of bakus in Asia was sasos so wait a
minute is he slaying sabazius well it turns out that
sabazius is the bull is a bullhorn God he's called the horn son of
Ammon Ammon is a ram God so it get it gets confusing is he a is he a son of a
ram which would make him a lamb by the way the Lamb of God whoa that's kind of weird but it does call him the horn God
in some text he's a born and some text he's Ram horned so so there is the
animal thing going on there but I think if we go deeper we go to the next one so
Clement of Alexandri says something really interesting around 200 ad he says that God in the bosom he's talking about
Gospel of John is a counter sign of the mysteries of sasus to the adepts the is
a dragon passed through the bosom of the initiates and this is like he just kind
of drops this in the middle of his protrepticus text without giving any context like maybe if you were reading
this in 200 ad you would know what he meant and I'm thinking because that's when these religions were were all
current so a a current upto-date Theologian of the time period would read
this and go oh yeah he's talking about s but like most people who read this passage are like what the hell is Clement even talking about so I'm
thinking myself sabazius is considered to be a two-fold god son and father in one a
trinity if you will he's sabazius which is sabat Zeus so he's Zeus but he's also dianis
rolled into one godhead with and then if you if you extrapolate from that with a spirit that
connects the two just like a trinity would but it's interesting because God he's saying God in the bosom is a
counter sign he's saying that this sasus is a counter or an antichrist or
whatever you want however you want to whatever Linguistics you want to use but he's saying it's like an opposite of our
God in the bosom of Jesus being in the bosom of the father he's saying sabazius is the is the opposite he's the god of
he's like this luciferian godhead basically so we go back to the slides
again now that's that to me that's interesting I'm still parsing that out I'm still digging through that but I
noticed that there's always there's usually a snake present in all of these
iconographies of Mithra slaying the bull you see the snake there too so I wonder
if that has something to do with the the dragon passing through the initiates I mean there's so much imagery and
symbolism going on that it's it's just so it's such a rabbit hole to dig into
all this stuff but but here's what I wanted to show this is not new either this isn't a new thing this is
Hercules taming the bowl in like 5 this is this is a coin from like 500
BC and then you have the vi Victory or Nike slaying the bull like this was a
common symbol for over for victory or the Son of God Conquering the elements
because her Hercules is the original Son of God we're talking when we talk about
the origins of Hercules who the hell knows when Hercules was first worship
because it go as soon as sources pop up there's Hercules there is no like first
oh F Hercules shows up in 500 no soon as we have Tex we have Hercules so Hercules
is probably a stone age God for all we know that's all I'm just throwing that out there who knows how old Hercules is
but Hercules is the original Son of God he's the original archetype of like the Son of God the hero the you know the the
and so the the the the people of Asia minor actually named their Dynasty after
him the heracle day herac day they're sons of Heracles and so um let's see now
I want to what I want to do now is I want to go I want to go back to something real quick actually go back to my
slides okay here we go this is crazy this is so wild this is from
cyia this is a image of probably zel
moxis slaying the bull and this is a cian I didn't know what this was at
first but do you know how the pope has that hat that he wears this is the same this is basically
the same thing this is a priest garment this is this was a hat for this was a
helmet that only a high priest was allowed to wear for the cian religion
the DOI and cian religion and so this they would wear this helmet and
they would offer their sacrifices and that's kind of crazy like that like look at it it looks like the Pope's head almost but I'm just I don't
know I'm just saying like the it's just the shape of it that really got me um but there you have the bow slang bow
slang uh image right there bakus in the form of an edible
grape and there you have the serpent but next to him you have like uh some sort of dog or cat trying to eat him or
something but like the idea of eating my flesh or being the sacrifice for the world so the idea of the idea of
sabazius being slaughtered as the bowl by mithas and then the idea of the
sacrifice being the sacrifice for salvation this is from 79 all right so
this image right here is from is from Pompei and it can't be older than 79
ad so we're talking like the idea of bakus being the sacrifice to be eaten
for salvation by the way the linian Mysteries Kyle Ruck does a lot of work in in this area of the Eucharist and
there's no doubt about it that the Eucharist was a magical was a magical right you're taking the Gods in Deiter
being the grain the bread and bakus being the wine the blood there was the
idea of these two Gods entering you when you became um you became Sanctified
through this right there was a baptism involved there was a Eucharist
involved there was salvation there was it was about promising eternal life that
was the whole purpose of the Mysteries so uh that so that's that's you have to we're starting with the that idea has to
start we have to start off with that off the rep like we're already talking about salvation we're already talking about
sacrifice we're talking about like flesh eating all these elements that are that
are that are there that are just so obviously in your face let's see let's see what the next one
is okay so this is from one of the myth raams in Italy um and so what I what I
noticed is the mythra were connected to all the old temples of magnam
mat so what you have is you have this late Roman Imperial called priesthood
and what I'm what I'm noticing is for example the linian Mysteries got shut
down in like four or 375 ad when theodosius was Emperor but we we know
from records that the last linian herant which is like the pope of the eloian
Mysteries he's the high priest of the elini Mysteries was actually also
initiated as a level seven Potter which is level seven called
Saturn of the mithraic Mysteries what the hell so he's in two religions well
apparently this religion that Julian was trying to create Julian the apostate was
this unified Pagan Church where all the all the mystery Cults were sort of
starting to come together as one to oppose Christianity and so you had the
elini and hopan was also a level seven initiate of the mithraic Mysteries and all the myth raams throughout the whole
Roman Empire were connected to um the temples of magnam mat so you have the
great mother and the great father Saturn which saturnalia is the big Fe the big
uh holy time of the year the the birthday of the sun December 25th all of
it sort of comes comes together right um if you go back to that image that I had on the slide this is
Sylvanas so this is now where the room this was found in um this is dated to
the reign of P of of uh P um 160 I think
it was 160 which is he reigned right he with uh Marcus
aelius right before Marcus aelius and um this is has his name on it and
everything but this was a baptism room it was the middle room in between the
mithraic initiate Hall and the uh the sacrifice hall for magnam mat where they
took the bowls in to slay the bowl so you're seeing that this religion was multifaceted it wasn't just about mithas
it wasn't just about magnam mat it wasn't just about Saturn but there were was like a whole [__] there's a whole
Pantheon of gods all sort of um coexisting in these places that these
priesthoods was sort of are sort of like interconnected in a weird way and it makes me think of like you know how the
Elohim is this singular word that they use to describe the whole godhead right the Elohim all the gods but it also
could mean one God to me I think that's what Lucifer kind of becomes Lucifer becomes a singular word to describe one
God but also a face of all these different gods Sol Invictus
Diana bakus Apollo you know pan they're all they all sort of become the they all
become like singular under this term Lucifer lightbringer because you have that the imagery of the of the T
torchbearers and the uh the lightbringer is always present in these
iconographies um so one more slide I want to go through and then I want to show so there you so I'm going to go
back to one second I want to show this real quick mithis coming out of Iraq holding the
Zodiac now if we can go back to my my original the first one that I was at not
the last one and I'm almost done here so this is um I want to go back to this so this is
that's why I think this is mithas right here coming out of Iraq and holding up ion it's sort of like his resurrected
self it's like two phases of one character and that's why I think this that's why I think the snake is right
next to them it's the same length as both of them because it's sort of like showing the snake uh gives away its its
uh dead skin and becomes new and mithas being born from a rock a new is the
resurrected ion ion and this is another part of my video that I don't have the notes for here but it's gonna be my
video I'm going to show that iion was called ion was followed by by three
disciples who were called the krono the Chrono were fa fa basically avatars
of ion himself but they were past present and future so you have three
faces of this you have a trinitarian god called ion this is this this is the same ion
that epiphanius says was worshiped in in uh Egypt after the and born after the
winter solstice and he tells he's telling Christians not to take part in their he's saying all these Christians keep
taking the part all these mysteries of ion we shouldn't be doing that like he's basically saying that these Christians
are intermixing with the ion worshippers but so I just want now I want to
highlight that thing because Jesus sort of comes out and he's he's um he's uh
he's competing with this this idea of this what the Son of God is the Son of God is like you have all these sons of
God characters and they all sort of go there's a lot of them get resurrected a lot of them have passions a lot of them
are sacrifices a lot of them are saviors healers sleepious whatever and like you
can sort of see how Jesus sort of takes on all these different traits but TR
tries to be better than all them well it gets crazier so I'm going to go back to
my go back to my slide again real quick or not slide go back to my yeah this
one so um am I showing the right one okay
all right can you see my let me just see all right good good this is the one so yeah so that's what I meant by mithas
coming out of ackq holding up ion and then the snake that I he that
uh representing the resurrected mithas or the death of
ion but here's what I wanted to mention because down here you have teus
and Poseidon and anyone will tell you Poseidon is always depicted
with horns that look like crab uh C claws right I don't know if
you guys can see that or not you see the crab claws for his horns right so one more thing I want to
show you and before I get to my last video that's uh this right here this
isn't from an from an old church from the fourth Century fifth century it was it was an Aryan church
but you can't really hang up by the fact that it's Aryan because the Aryans were just Catholics that had one tiny tiny
minute difference is that they believe in the Trinity they believe Jesus Is God they
believe in the same books the same Canon they think the gnostics are
Heretics they think they even call themselves Catholics they are Catholics but the one difference is that
they think that Jesus came after the father they both aren't
eternal such a minute difference but that's big difference big deal for a lot of Catholics anyways the reason why I
brought this up Jesus is being baptized in this image and look what we have here
the father God the father has the Earth Shaker Poseidon
horns you notice that see see you see the see the uh the the crab the little
crab uh claws on his head and so in this so I know some people try to interpret this as it's the
River Jordan incarnate but I'm not buying that I'm not buying that I think this is
Poseidon here's why I think that he's being born into the water he's being
initiated into the water and he says this is my son I have
begotten you right and so what happens when Jesus is uh killed on the cross the
Earth shakes the Earth Shaker appears the Earth shakers mad he cried out to his father on on his
uh on the cross and the father responded by shaking the Earth that's the if you anyone who knows
Poseidon and you know ancient Greek text Earth Shaker is Poseidon that's his
title so I think there's something something to be said there I think whoever built this church was um was
trying to artistically Express Jesus through the through the lens of what a pagan would
appreciate but you might think this is all crazy and I'm going too far I just want to show a video real
quick this my last thing and then then I'm done play the video please the first
Christians weren't looking for a God who made them feel guilty that would never
have caught on they were looking for a God who would save them and fill them
with hope so was their model for the first Jesus Christian artists selected the
youngest and handsomest of the pagan gods they chose Apollo the god of the
sun blonde and unbearded Youthful and curly
haired Apollo was a God who made you feel
good so the first Jesus's were curly haired and pretty because they borrowed
that look from Apollo and it went further than that when this mysterious Christian statue
was dug up out of the ground it was thought to represent a woman an unknown
goddess a muse only later was it realized that this too was an early
[Music] Jesus in that wonderful Museum in Cleveland the one with the Jonah
marbles there's a carving of Apollo performing a miracle with Nike the
goddess of Victory Apollo is the robed figure on the
left and look how shapely he is how easily we might mistake him too for a
woman pagan gods could be male and female they could amalgamate the Sexes
and represent both gender at once just like this Jesus here extraordinary as it
sounds the first jesuses were sometimes made to look feminine on
purpose all right now last thing I want to show real quick because I want to show one more example
of iconography I got just share my last screen there
mithas carrying the animal and then Jesus as the Good
Shepherd I mean that's Al you can also find Hermes statues of him looking like that holding up the shepherd holding up
the lamb like that Hermes is the Good Shepherd what I'm saying is Jesus is being
portrayed in so many different ways not just dionisis not just ion not just
sabazius but like these many faceted sons of God characters that Jesus is
competing with where he sort of like through through adop their images they
rewrite the he's rewriting them in in the likeness of Christianity that makes
sense so that's what I got so
far oh my goodness oh my goodness I was paying attention and that was some of
the hottest material congratulations now seriously on a professional level Neil
that was you know i' I'd have respect for you if I came to a conference in Classics and I saw that presentation I'd
be like this guy knows his sources he knows his sources my God yes
sabodo that's the one that I think is the craziest
equals he's being slain for mankind it's salvation yeah he he equals Sabo the
verb in Greek equals AO that's what the ox
lexicon tells us when you AO when you shout bakus or when you shout
AWA you are doing the seasian manner you're doing the seasian
just something I didn't think of this till right now isn't there some play on the Greek in the in the gospels when
he's being I don't know which gospel it is but there's a there's the argument that he you if you break up what he's
saying Sabah cathon right yeah yeah no when he shout and he
says he says Lama sabak Thor right and everybody's like anybody who heard that
at the time would know exactly what cult Jesus was functioning within just by
that right sabach thone no problem and it's a magical incantation and all the
scholars and Divinity people right not the classes because don't touch this
stuff because they don't want to they don't want to need the headache you talk to any classes I tried to get Ruck bring
in the naked boy Rock bring the no come on come on he's got to keep his job
right he wants to stay out of that so I don't have to I'm fortunate enough that
we can go ahead and bring in Jesus's naked boy but okay I just want to make
one or two comments on everything that you showed first first of all go to the
tight tight brother that that junk was tight as tight gets right you cannot
walk away from that evidence you cannot walk away people you were gonna get just
one you got double in the end you got a climax there a day M you got everything
with oh I'm so impressed beautiful I'm I'm I'm Gob smacked at the you know if
you and I were just in a wrestling match um I'm not quite sure who they're going to call right it's it it may be a split
decision right I I'm serious I'm serious Neil I'm serious that is real
professional real good stuff real good stuff okay what I want to do now is take
it just take a couple of questions from people um I will pick them because I'm
in charge but I want you to be thinking about everything that Neil was presenting there and I saw people
thinking about well do this you know somebody asked I'll just start with this W CH was waiting for good questions to
come up I'm gonna say hey um somebody already said jump the gun and said hey
um could it be that when they talk about multiple snakes for example being in one
sort of drug that these are different coats so to speak exactly these are the
different ele
on that there's all these little like serpents and bugs and different
creatures on that on that plate and I'm thinking that's got to be some sort of drug reference there why would they just
be throwing random animals on this thing yeah and John Scarboro said you know the
um the Scorpion that's usually in the mithraic reliefs um sometimes there's a
scorpion right under the testicles and it looks like it could be stinging them
right and then all of a sudden you think you know John scarber was like you know that that has some kind of crossover
with the fact that you and I are reading medical text that have to do with you know scorpion um toxin being used in the
treatment of um or to induce um infertility it's like a
chemical castration oh okay yeah makes sense with the Unix and all that kind of stuff it
kind of it fits very well the pharmacology fits I love it okay I'm gonna look at a couple of questions Neil
did you have any just put a cap on it while I'm hunting for
questions and yeah and about the unic thing the uh the byzantines kept that system in place they seem to have kept
that system going the Unix system it makes you wonder if they're interpreting
the text those who are Unix for the kingdom of heaven and they're taking that as like a green light saying well
we have it in our text where we're allowed to uh create Unix for our kingdom because um as farb back as early
as early as Constantine and going all the way deep into the 10th Century you had a Division I forgot what the name of
it was I was showing you a couple days ago it was a weird name for it but the
the name ter in Greek literally it means like those who sleep aside the emperor that's what that's what that's
what the atmology is and there it's a unit of Unix that are chosen at what
from I don't know how they choose them but they're made into Unix and they're given over to the emperor and they live
in the emperor's quarters the emperor the highest the most powerful man in the world arguably depending on what time
period we're in and he's got a whole little band of Unix that live there with him
him it's interesting yeah nice nice you're exactly right right the one who shares the bed um Can can you explain
the biblion that goes in the mouth so Neil we're talking about Ezekiel and
we're talking about using this little book and we talked about this in the Greek magical papy because they do the
same thing there and they actually describe the inks that are the psychotropic inks so something is going
into his mouth and ending up inducing this quaking remember he's talking the
seismos remember he's talking about um those horns and
initiating those horns that that Thunder that Quake that g oos that that um inos
gion that Earth trembling um force is that Force within
the communion it enables you in the communion because remember we're talking about mithraic stuff right right and um
this is all um religious operation slash medical operation an
event right we're inducing things you got remember this is this is a time
where religion and science were one there was no like today they're dueling
now you have science and religion dueling but we're talking about a time of the world where the people who were
doing science were the religious leaders they were the priests they were the astronomers there was no difference
between astrology and astronomy they they had the technical skills they
had the Monopoly on the technical skills right right those witches are oracles
right they're all connected they're all the root Cutters they're all the ones that are root um preparing the drugs and
getting people hyped on the drugs you ever wonder why do they why do they go to root Cutters for wisdom and ask them
how to what to do about things what what do you think they they're they're they're doing the the root root Cutters
that's the that's where you get the I mean the it's where you find the highest content of DMT is in Roots not leaves or
or or or like berries or anything it's in the under the ground in The Roots so
the root Cutters are they're going for the magic stuff they're looking for the magic yeah and it's a it's a pure matter
of science I mean if you if you look at what they're doing within the operations
themselves um you and you can see this just by the antidotes that they're using
and talking about the symptoms that they're trying to alleviate the craftsmanship you said the priestesses
have the have the technology right exactly and I think that's why the priestesses are the ones that are
involved in sending out colonies and saying hey you should kill this Tyrant
or you should bring these people to power I think that's why I think that's why they're there because they possess
that technological Edge and they're doing that that interface um that interface between what
you and I would call religion or spirituality and the physical
world that interface is possible in the
mystery all the Mysteries are about is achieving that Vision whether it's
Ezekiel sitting there bombed on his wheels that that angel having boom put
him into that I was just telling I was just telling someone a couple day like not that long ago that if it wasn't for
my experiences with DMT I probably would be stolen cold atheist right now that
those experiences are just lifechanging
like there are there it's magic it's something it's not you can't explain it I wish I can explain it it's not even
worth it feel do you feel Neil that your eyes are open do you feel that your eyes
are open do you kind of feel that analogy some there's some something that
when you're on and you're in that state where you are opened up to there's this
some there's you just feel like there's something Beyond them this n natural world that we're experiencing
it just does that now I'm not the only one that thinks that it's not you could achieve I'm sorry if you could achieve
that you know as a human being as a somebody born in nature you know that
there's an achievable end to create what they're doing in the mystery you know
it's a possibility it's not an imaginary world it's not Faith it's not a belief
it's experity yeah and and it's possible to
achieve that yeah love it what's the question do you think sabazius is palasan what do you think
what do you think at that question my first thing would I would say about that is well according to diodorus and
according to Herodotus sasus is the oldest dionisis he's the horn dianis and
he's from the Black Sea region and check this out in the Black Sea region and we know the plasan come from
that region and they go and they find the Mediterranean and they populate cre and they spread out from there um and
orth and cre at the same time like kind of at the same time you know what I mean by that anyways but before that they're
all the way in the Black Sea like Northern Black Sea all all across the
Black Sea and this is where you have the cultivation of grapes and is discovered
ask any anyone any any Anthropologist archaeologist will say the cultivation
of the grap Vine was discovered in this region of the world so and in the time
of the and we're talking about a time where any metaphysical concept would become deified the idea of Oaths and
contracts becomes Mythos but the idea of a God that you can drink and and takes
over your your mind and you have this ecstatic experience ecstasy that's a God
that becomes a God that had there's no you don't I don't think you need evidence to prove that that was a thing
that that was a deified concept so you doesn't take a lot of mental it doesn't take a lot of like
logical uh in uh inference to say that's where Dian Isis comes from that's where
the so sasus is a palasan god probably that's what I would
say yeah and I think that's the safest way you can say it because you know you
can hedge it with probably just because look we're when we're talking pans we
don't have a written record right so we have to be very careful but based on the
Greek words that were saying oh these are probably palasan roots and
everything they involve and yes guess what their name means the purple right another one surprise um
and are they the ones that are propagating this knowledge you know it's so much the
knowledge is so technical you look at the mithraic stuff and you think uh okay so what do they do they get together and
they kill a bull no no no you totally you just totally miss the boat and by
the way there it's underground and there's a lot of sweating and there's some drinking of some body fluids and
there's a whole thing going on a death and Resurrection because they're doing
it it's the cult and they know how to induce these phases if you can come back
this way you're a lot more likely imagine I'm going to send you into combat but before you go I'm gonna boost
you into The Nether where you can see all your ancestors right and when you come back
with their spirit will go right this is the good stuff man I mean it doesn't get better than this um I think Neil
answered that last question perfectly perfectly real before before
you go to the next one by scobby uh I just want to say one of the things that's so fascinating about this last
fourth Century generation of pagans is they're venerating the most ancient gods
on the planet the great mother and and and Mithra you can find them in Bronze
Age text you can find great mother uh dug up in archaeological excavations
from the copper age Mithra in the v Zen Vesta or and and then you got like so
some of these gods are being worshiped in the last generation of pagan hood they're they're holding on to Concepts
that are so old and Christianity is so new compared to this compared to this
religion that faded away it's a baby it's not it still is even even if you
took the time that Christianity's been in existence right now 2 years what about right around 2000 years give or
take you're still short for how long you're still you're not even halfway there to how old magnam mat and Mithra
are because they're go we're talking going they're going way back way back you know and and that influence is
widespread it's so widespread that we get um people referring to Media as
MRA MRA right and her you talk about the plasan connection her you know Neil
you've seen it her atrasa name mati is just lacking a row right that's all
it's that's all it's lacking so that MRA figure we got to remember when we're
looking at lucifera right we have to appreciate that feminine form I loved your guy by
the way on the video talking about the early forms of Jesus being yeah that was a good clip a combination of masculine
and feminine right I KN you like I knew you'd like that clip I was like I couldn't say this any better myself so
I'm just clip this guy out and show it to everybody kudos to that
dude now our question is did Jesus have the alabaster when he was on the cross
um if they were giving him according to nonas the antidote for the dipass um he
could have had it administered by an alabastron yes but um would it have been
obviously there um during you know look you're opening up a Pandora's
Box now because now I gotta say and you know I'm going to because you know you want to bring it out when did he get the
alabastron inserted into his rectum you know at what time if he's got it there
was it something they were doing I mean they realistically they do have the
antidote they do have the antidote they could have administered it rectly but
the antidote was soaked into a sponge so we know it's a fluid right for for oral
consumption technically if he'd us the Deep sess with the
purple back in the garden when he was with the boy presumably because the boys possess the
gilan presumably he would have got his antidote back then
where's the alabastron come into this is he there on the cross the I
don't know you know he's screaming a lot maybe it shot out halfway through the crucifixion and people were like look he
just birthed the little dionisis fantastic love what do you think Neil well he was given something I
mean depending on which Gossel we're talking about I think it's John where he's given some sort of
sprig some some some sort of he's been he they're giving him stuff so I mean
whatever the text says it says but the fact that he didn't he didn't receive anything is just not true so he was
receiving there was there some of that stuff could be drug references yeah what else you give to a
dying person on a cross besides a drug right right let's see Hercules passes
into the underworld overcoming Cerberus with Bruce Str Hermes by being
androgynous then there's the castrated boy option are these all different options for sex without
insemination oh go ahead what do you what do you think I'll let you take that one that's a good question um there is
this what I noticed about what he's the question is also highlighting is there's this uh there's this Universal idea that
all these sons of God have to go through and there's always something to do with um some castration or or some sort of
some something to do with like castration or the loss of that type
of thing like with Addis for example or Adonis there's always something to do with the sex me a parts that has to do
with like and and this is what this is where I think goes back to bakas the plucking of the of the
vine um and there's something to be there's something deep about that that's going on there is that that makes sense
what I said it does it does um what is the little what does Aid say orus is
doing gets in trouble or orus the last
day before this is the last this is the chapter called the death of Orpheus in in always metamorphosis by the way a lot
of versions take this part out so you only only certain versions of this text
you able to find in English or you got to go to the Latin and it says that
orus picked up the thracian right the ancient thracian by the way we talk
about thians the thian Pirates the Lays right so orus is taking up these ancient
thran lays right and what is the right that he describes of plucking a young
boy's manhood before he becomes of age that's what it says yeah yeah you
can't get a religious right we're not just doing he actually doing it for fun this is an ancient religious right right
right this is what do you think this is Epstein's island or something come on man this bigger than that um and it's
worked into the it's baked into the Empire that is that bonic Empire which
is all those oracles speaking love it love it oh God this is such wonderful
stuff um Neil thank you for coming tonight thank you for coming tonight I I
feel like I feel like um like this is a co-creation tonight and your material
was just delicious I loved it and on behalf of everybody satanic initiation
and now initiation apocalypse I think we owe you a debt and thank you very much
um did you want to talk about your next you have a what coming out I kind of
gave you a little bit of taste I'm working on the um the overlap of Jesus in these in these late P late era I call
it late era because paganism is so ancient first Cent from the first century to the fourth Century I know
it's a big that's a long time 400 years but that's the that's the end of
it that's the last we're talking like you can it's a short little timeline
compared to like how ancient these pagans gods are but how diverse they are in their different regions of the world
and they sort of come together and the Roman Imperial cult as one that's what the Roman Imperial cult does is they
syncretize all these different religions from pathos uh Cyprus and Egypt and Asia
and Greece and North Africa and they just started take all these different gods and sort of they put them all in the one religion and this is what Christ
in first century when this is right when Rome is really starting to explode in its uh in its influence over the
surrounding regions and Christianity comes out of that soil of that syncretism
soil and so I'm sort of trying to do I'm making Mo most of the content is going to be comparing dionis to Jesus because
I think and I think you can make the argument especially if you're immersed I don't think you have to be an expert to
say this if you're immersed in the ancient text you know dionisis is special he's not just one of the Gods
he's di Isis he's the son he's the great di you know what I mean like yeah yeah
no no and the fact that he permeates everything he's the one God that invades
and takes over right and they're like oh yeah he spread from the East right it's all over the place everywhere yeah yeah
Neil Jesus Jesus Takes Over dianis And there's I don't I I just think anyone
who can't see that and I I don't want to sound like I'm get cocky like I know everything because I don't know everything but I honestly will like my
personal opinion if you can't see that then I just don't think you're immersed in the text that you say you are
bravo bravo well said and you know what if you know the text better than the
people at Harvard then who's the expert yeah gonna go that far yeah yeah
hail sat and hail Satan hey thanks everybody for coming tonight I really
appreciate you allowing me to come back and um we can look for this again as a
workshop for the apocalypse and I'll leave the last word to Gnostic
informant Gnostic hail Satan hail [Music]
Satan